Add a note about upcoming Playbooks v1 deprecation (#7778)
mattermost/docs: source/about/deprecated-features.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Starting in September 2025, Mattermost will deprecate the ``TeamSettings.ExperimentalViewArchivedChannels`` setting in favor of a new setting, ``TeamSettings.BrowseArchivedPublicChannels``. See more details in `this forum post <https://forum.mattermost.com/t/viewing-accessing-archived-channels-v11/22626>`__.

> - Starting in September 2025, Mattermost will deprecate Playbooks v1 for Mattermost Professional customers. For details, see the `Clarification on Playbooks in Mattermost v10 <https://forum.mattermost.com/t/clarification-on-playbooks-in-mattermost-v10/20563>`_ article on the Mattermost Discussion Forums.

Reviewer: I think the word "deprecated" could be scary, how about something like:  

Beginning in Mattermost v11 (estimated in September 2025), Playbooks will be unsupported for Free Edition and Professional customers. Professional customers using Playbooks can contact their Customer Success Manager to discuss potential upgrade options with discounting applied as appropriate. Additional details can be found in the `Clarification on Playbooks in Mattermost v10 <https://forum.mattermost.com/t/clarification-on-playbooks-in-mattermost-v10/20563>`_ article on the Mattermost Discussion Forums.

Reviewer: Additional context: https://hub.mattermost.com/private-core/pl/8y9hd1gyrb8kjm9bjnq388uomh

> - Starting in September 2025, Mattermost will deprecate Playbooks v1 for Professional SKU customers, followed by an appropriate grandfathering strategy. More detailed information and the discussion are available on the `Mattermost discussion forum <https://forum.mattermost.com/t/clarification-on-playbooks-in-mattermost-v10/20563>`__.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Starting in September 2025, Mattermost will deprecate Playbooks v1 for Mattermost Professional customers. For details, see the `Clarification on Playbooks in Mattermost v10 <https://forum.mattermost.com/t/clarification-on-playbooks-in-mattermost-v10/20563>`_ article on the Mattermost Discussion Forums.
```
